README.md, before:

# ALDashboard: a docassemble Admin and Configuration Tool

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/docassemble.ALDashboard.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/docassemble.ALDashboard)

A single tool and interview to centralize some tedious Docassemble admin configuration tasks.

![A screenshot of the ALDashboard menu with choices: "Admin only - manage users", "Admin only - stats", "Install assembly line", "Verify API Keys", "Install packages", "update packages", "Package scanner", "View Answer files", "generate review screen draft", "validate docx template", "validation translation files", "prepare translation files", "validate an attachment fields block", "PDF tools", and "Compile Bootstrap theme"](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/29539eec-3891-476b-b248-dd3db986d899)

1. Install the Document Assembly Line packages (support files for [Court Forms Online](https://courtformsonline.org))
1. Searchable user management - reset passwords and change privileges.
1. Installing or updating several packages at once.
1. Listing and viewing the contents of an (unencrypted) interview to facilitate debugging errors on production servers.
1. View analytics/stats captured with `store_variable_snapshot`.
1. List the files inside a particular package installed on the server.
1. Gather files from a user who left the organization/unknown username and password.
1. Review screen generator
1. validate DOCX Jinja2 templates
1. Generate a [custom bootstrap theme](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/customization/overview#creating-a-custom-theme-from-source-instead-of-with-a-theme-generator) for your interviews.

Ideas:
1. Add a link to the dispatch directive for an existing file in an existing package.
1. Generate translation files [TBD].

To use, you must create a docassemble API key and add it to your
configuration, like this:

`install packages api key: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx`

## Some screenshots

### Main page
![A screenshot of the ALDashboard menu with choices: "Admin only - manage users", "Admin only - stats", "Install assembly line", "Verify API Keys", "Install packages", "update packages", "Package scanner", "View Answer files", "generate review screen draft", "validate docx template", "validation translation files", "prepare translation files", "validate an attachment fields block", "PDF tools", and "Compile Bootstrap theme"](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/29539eec-3891-476b-b248-dd3db986d899)

### Manage users

![A screenshot that says "Manage users" with the fields "User", "What do you want want to do? Reset password or Change user permissions", "New Password", and "Verify new Password"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702231-e069ec00-d830-11eb-94dc-5ec0abb86bc9.png)

### Bulk install packages from GitHub

![A screenshot that says "What packages do you want to install?" The fields are for "Github URL", "YAML filename", and "Short name or alias (no spaces)"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702290-efe93500-d830-11eb-9fdf-a5935ff4078e.png)

### Bulk update packages

![A screenshot that says "What packages do you want to update?" followed by a list of packages. For example, "docassemble.209aPlaintiffMotionToModify", "docassemble.ALAffidavitOfIndigency", and more.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702362-068f8c00-d831-11eb-9ce4-df7a67ffcfeb.png)

### View / search sessions by user and interview name

![A screenshot that says "What interview do you want to view sessions for?" The fields are "File name" and "User (leave blank to view all sessions)"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702422-1d35e300-d831-11eb-84d5-5e7385deb901.png)

![A screenshot that says "Recently generated sessions for docassemble.MA209AProtectiveOrder:data/questions/209a_package.yml" with 5 sessions below.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702464-2cb52c00-d831-11eb-80fc-f2291e824eae.png)

### View interview stats captured with `store_variables_snapshot()`

![A screenshot with the title "Stats for Eviction Moratorium: 9". Below is the text "Total submissions: 9", "Group by: zip | state | modtime", and "Excel Download" followed by a map that can be filtered by state or by date.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702623-5e2df780-d831-11eb-8937-6625df74ab22.png)

### Generate a bootstrap theme

![A screenshot with the title "Your file is compiled!", below is the text "You can view and copy your file, or download it directly by right clicking the link to save it as a CSS file". Below that are examples of Bootstrap components like buttons and nav bars.](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/079e428d-4cae-4f75-8b1b-227c28f32a44)

Commit message:

Add instructions for how to add Dashboard to drop down to README.md
Not sure if this is desired here or the right place for it, but it's what I was looking for in this location. 

Perhaps also an explanation for how to run the Dashboard without adding it to the menu / how to format the link could be helpful here.

README.md, after:

# ALDashboard: a docassemble Admin and Configuration Tool

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/docassemble.ALDashboard.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/docassemble.ALDashboard)

A single tool and interview to centralize some tedious Docassemble admin configuration tasks.

![A screenshot of the ALDashboard menu with choices: "Admin only - manage users", "Admin only - stats", "Install assembly line", "Verify API Keys", "Install packages", "update packages", "Package scanner", "View Answer files", "generate review screen draft", "validate docx template", "validation translation files", "prepare translation files", "validate an attachment fields block", "PDF tools", and "Compile Bootstrap theme"](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/29539eec-3891-476b-b248-dd3db986d899)

1. Install the Document Assembly Line packages (support files for [Court Forms Online](https://courtformsonline.org))
1. Searchable user management - reset passwords and change privileges.
1. Installing or updating several packages at once.
1. Listing and viewing the contents of an (unencrypted) interview to facilitate debugging errors on production servers.
1. View analytics/stats captured with `store_variable_snapshot`.
1. List the files inside a particular package installed on the server.
1. Gather files from a user who left the organization/unknown username and password.
1. Review screen generator
1. validate DOCX Jinja2 templates
1. Generate a [custom bootstrap theme](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/customization/overview#creating-a-custom-theme-from-source-instead-of-with-a-theme-generator) for your interviews.

Ideas:
1. Add a link to the dispatch directive for an existing file in an existing package.
1. Generate translation files [TBD].

To use, you must create a docassemble API key and add it to your
configuration, like this:

`install packages api key: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx`

If you want the ALDashboard to be a dropdown option for admins and developers, add the following to the configuration before your `install packages api key`: 

    administrative interviews:
      - interview: docassemble.ALDashboard:data/questions/menu.yml
        title: Dashboard
        required privileges:
          - admin
          - developer

## Some screenshots

### Main page
![A screenshot of the ALDashboard menu with choices: "Admin only - manage users", "Admin only - stats", "Install assembly line", "Verify API Keys", "Install packages", "update packages", "Package scanner", "View Answer files", "generate review screen draft", "validate docx template", "validation translation files", "prepare translation files", "validate an attachment fields block", "PDF tools", and "Compile Bootstrap theme"](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/29539eec-3891-476b-b248-dd3db986d899)

### Manage users

![A screenshot that says "Manage users" with the fields "User", "What do you want want to do? Reset password or Change user permissions", "New Password", and "Verify new Password"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702231-e069ec00-d830-11eb-94dc-5ec0abb86bc9.png)

### Bulk install packages from GitHub

![A screenshot that says "What packages do you want to install?" The fields are for "Github URL", "YAML filename", and "Short name or alias (no spaces)"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702290-efe93500-d830-11eb-9fdf-a5935ff4078e.png)

### Bulk update packages

![A screenshot that says "What packages do you want to update?" followed by a list of packages. For example, "docassemble.209aPlaintiffMotionToModify", "docassemble.ALAffidavitOfIndigency", and more.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702362-068f8c00-d831-11eb-9ce4-df7a67ffcfeb.png)

### View / search sessions by user and interview name

![A screenshot that says "What interview do you want to view sessions for?" The fields are "File name" and "User (leave blank to view all sessions)"](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702422-1d35e300-d831-11eb-84d5-5e7385deb901.png)

![A screenshot that says "Recently generated sessions for docassemble.MA209AProtectiveOrder:data/questions/209a_package.yml" with 5 sessions below.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702464-2cb52c00-d831-11eb-80fc-f2291e824eae.png)

### View interview stats captured with `store_variables_snapshot()`

![A screenshot with the title "Stats for Eviction Moratorium: 9". Below is the text "Total submissions: 9", "Group by: zip | state | modtime", and "Excel Download" followed by a map that can be filtered by state or by date.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7645641/123702623-5e2df780-d831-11eb-8937-6625df74ab22.png)

### Generate a bootstrap theme

![A screenshot with the title "Your file is compiled!", below is the text "You can view and copy your file, or download it directly by right clicking the link to save it as a CSS file". Below that are examples of Bootstrap components like buttons and nav bars.](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-ALDashboard/assets/6252212/079e428d-4cae-4f75-8b1b-227c28f32a44)
